Originally uploaded 2021-05-02
Accompanying upload notes: You know how sometimes you're sitting on the couch at 0820 and you've been up for five hours and then you see a spider and just start thinking about spiders? Here are some spider thoughts.


Thoughts on Spiders 1
---------------------

You know how spiders' legs are held out through constant hydraulic pressure, so they have to constantly be flexing, and if they die their legs all curl in?
Mental health is kind of like that.




Thoughts on Spiders 2
---------------------
I don't know how compound eyes work.
I wish I could see the world like I imagine a spider does, but
I don't know how compound eyes work.
Seeing all those different angles, thinking three steps ahead, waiting for what I need to come to me, but
I don't know how compound eyes work.
I wish I had an important part of ecosystems, instead of destroying them, but
I don't know how compound eyes work.
The only spiders I have are in my brain, and I don't know how they work.




Thoughts on Spiders 3
---------------------
When a wheel spider gets scared, it tucks in its legs and rolls across the sand. Me too.




CREEPY CRAWLIES aka Thoughts on Spiders 4
-----------------------------------------
Can someone put me in touch with spiders' publicity team?
RE: the bad rap they seem to get, and not in a sensible way.
Everyone so scared of the tarantula, big and scary and... weak on the grand scale.
Even the brown recluse, not so reclusive, but one of the most dangerous.
Perhaps entomologists got together with etymologists and I'm just not in on the joke.
You can be on one thing - I don't want the same publicist as spiders.
Can you believe? So important to our ecosystem, vital to our world, and persona non grata, kill on sight.
Raid out, spray, smash, then we complain about flies and gnats.
A set of stories, only half of them true.
Which half? Only the entomologists and etymologists know.
Let me know if you know someone on spiders's publicity team.
You happen to have their number?
